[DPC-208] Add Manual to the list of manuals (#966)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/young-cougars-explode.md

---
"nextjs-website": minor
---

> [DPC-208] Add "Modelli dei Servizi" to the list of manuals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add "I modelli dei servizi" to the list of appIO's manuals
```
